# CS-E4640 Big Data Platforms

The [Big Data Platforms course](https://oodi.aalto.fi/a/opintjakstied.jsp?Kieli=6&html=1&Tunniste=CS-E4640) provides foundations for big data analytics, data science, data-intensive services, to name just a few. We are looking for new course assistants to this course. The main contents of the course are Big Data platforms with (automatically graded) home assignments in Python/Scala using the Apache Spark, Apache Airflow, other open source big data frameworks and industry-based Cloud big data plaforms (especially Google Cloud for which the students and lecturers will be provided with 50USD of Google Cloud Platform Grant Credit).

## Open assistant positions

Two types of assistant positions are available:

* Preparing assignments and home exercises (summer job/intern): You would be helping the professor in creating assignments and exercises before the course start (expected from April - Aug). The main duty is to develop/implement and test a set of assignments/exercises. This is also a great chance if you want to develop further your programming and design skills for big data platforms through development activities with the professor.

* During the course (Sep-Dec): You would be helping the main course assistant with giving tutorials to the students and helping to maintain the (automated) home assignment grading system.


Good programming skills in Python/Scala are required. Priority is given to applicants who have completed the course in previous semesters and have experiences in cloud and big data computing,  but also other applicants will be considered.

## How to apply
[Check the job ads in CS Department Teaching Assistant Pool](https://sami.cs.hut.fi/). Please add a CV and an Oodi study transcript in your application.


## Contact

Contact info: Linh Truong (@aalto.fi)
